What social stigma does society need to get over?
What's something you really resent paying for?
What are you currently worried about?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What are you interested in that most people aren't?
What's the hardest you've ever worked?
Do you eat food that's past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
What really needs to be modernized?
What's your worst example of procrastination?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn't as awesome as you thought it would be?
What's some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can't seem to get to sleep?
What are some of the best vacations you've had?
What's the worst hairstyle you've ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What's the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
What's the most recent show you've binge watched?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What's a common experience for many people that you've never experienced?
What's the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What food do you crave most often?
Who in your life has the best and worst luck?
What's your secret talent?
What's the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What's incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What company do you despise?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What's the weirdest crush you've had?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
Who is the most creative person you know?
How ambitious are you?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What's legal now, but probably won't be in 25 years?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn't turn the ability off?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Where is the best place you've been for taking walks?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What's the most physically painful thing you've ever experienced?
What job doesn't exist now but will exist in the future?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What do you think about when you hear the word 'classy'?
What do you need help with most often?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What's the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
What values are most important to you?
What's the best sandwich you've ever had?
What profession doesn't get enough credit or respect?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What was the most amazing physical feat you've managed to pull off?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it's not anatomically feasible or it's socially frowned upon?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people's lives?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren't sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What's something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What's your best example of correlation not equaling causation?