What website do you visit most often?
What kind of art do you enjoy most?
What takes up too much of your time?
How different was your life one year ago?
What are some things you've had to unlearn?
What is special about the place you grew up?
What have you only recently formed an opinion about?
What's something you like to do the old-fashioned way?
What one thing do you really want but can't afford?
What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
What are some small things that make your day better?
What's the best thing that happened to you last week?
What are you looking forward to in the coming months?
What is the most impressive thing you know how to do?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
What's something you've been meaning to try but just haven't gotten around to it?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don't get the point of?
What do you take for granted?
Who inspires you to be better?
What are you addicted to?
What's the hardest lesson you've learned?
What's something you are self-conscious about?
What was the best compliment you've received?
What chance encounter changed your life forever?
What do people think is weird about you?
What are you most likely very wrong about?
What's the most immature thing that you do?
What stereotype do you completely live up to?
What do you spend the most time thinking about?
What mistake do you keep making again and again?
What's the best thing you got from your parents?
What challenging thing are you working through these days?
What's one responsibility you really wish you didn't have?
What do you wish your brain was better at doing?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
What have you created that you are most proud of?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What were some of the turning points in your life?
Among your friends or family, what are you famous for?
What is something that your friends would consider 'so you'?
What annoys you most about the in-groups you are a part of?
What small gesture from a stranger made a big impact on you?
What do you regret not doing or starting when you were younger?
What's the dumbest thing you've done that actually turned out pretty well?
What can you not get right, no matter how many times you try?
What lifestyle change have you been meaning to make for a while now?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
What are you really good at, but kind of embarrassed that you are good at it?
If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?
What's something that happened or something that someone said that changed how you view the world?
What incredibly strong opinion or belief do you have that is completely unimportant in the grand scheme of things?
What lie do you tell most often?
What keeps you up at night?
What do you regret not doing?
What gives your life meaning?
What are you most insecure about?
What bridges do you not regret burning?
How do you get in the way of your own success?