What is something you judge others for but are guilty of yourself?
What is your favorite snack?
How was today? What did you do?
Who knows you best?
What is the most recent unexpected thing that happened?
What characteristic of yours are you ashamed or embarrassed of? 
I am hopeful that...?
I am afraid that...?
I am glad that...?
It is too bad that...?
I am looking forward to...?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you short-tempered?
When was the last time you felt happy? What had happened?
When was the last time you felt jealous? Why?
When was the last time you felt regret? What had happened? Could you have known better?
What is something you are trying out these days? How is that going?
How often are you right?
Socialism or Capitalism? Why?
Top-1 wish?
What is your biggest contribution to humanity?
Define success for your specific context.
What was the best part of your day today?
What was non-ideal about your day today?
What was the last argument you had with someone close to you?
What is your favorite tool/trick/hack that makes your life more convenient or efficient or fun?
What are the little things you tend to look forward to in your day or week?
What is a recurring thing that tends to ruin your day?
What does your perfect Saturday look like?
What does your perfect Sunday look like?
What is politically incorrect to say, but is true?
When did you first realize that your parents are only human?
What do you easily get nostalgic about?
What is something surprising about you? Something the rest of us might not guess.
What is the shadiest thing you've ever done?
What do you judge other people for but do yourself?
What are you a snob about?
What do you think you do worse than 90% of people?
What is the nicest thing you've done for someone?
What small thing tends to make your day?
What are your thoughts on work-life balance?
What characteristic of yours are you most proud of?
What characteristic of yours are you most disappointed about?
Is it always better to be more rational?
What is one goal you are working towards?
What sets your family apart from most families you know?
What is the most annoying thing about your family?
What is the best thing about your family?
What is something your family would be surprised to learn about you?
What is a relationship deal-breaker for you?
Are you religious / spiritual?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What mistake haunts you?
What is the first thing you look for in a friend?
What are you a hypocrite about?
What is the easiest way to lose your trust?
What is the easiest way to gain your trust?
What are you irrational about?
When were you happiest in the last 3 months?
When were you the most disappointed in the last 3 months?
Do you think you've been more or less fortunate in life compared to your peers?
How often do you hit the snooze button in the morning?
Do you have a creative outlet? What is it?
What is a recurring dream you have?
What is overrated?
What is underrated?
Do you think you are / would be a good parent?
What do / would you not do well as a parent?
What do / would you do particularly well as a parent?
How would you deal with your parents not liking your partner?
How would you deal with your partner not liking your parents?
What is your favorite part about vacations?
What did your most recent relationship teach you?
Tell me about the time you broke someone's heart.
Do you believe in free will?
Are you punctual? Usually early or late?
Do you miss deadlines? 
Are you messy?
Best pizza toppings?
Are you a morning or late night person?
In how much detail do you plan your vacations?
Do you think you are (on average) happier than your peers?
What is one thing you want to change about yourself?
Are white lies okay?
Do you have a better sense of time or space?
What quirks do you have?
Do you people watch? Where?
What phase of your life do you wish lasted longer?
Who in your life has not lived up to their potential?
What do you frequently judge people for?
What do people frequently judge you for?
What is something you obsess over?
What is a recurring cause of stress in your life?
What is a recurring cause of joy in your life?
Are your artistic?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's your hidden talent?
What meal would you be willing to eat over and over again?
If I say 'happy place' -- what is the first thing that comes to mind?
What energizes you?
What drains your energy?
What are you delusional about?
When was the last time you felt inspired? By who/what?
Are you content?
Can people change?
When was the last time you apologized? For what?
When was the last time you thanked someone? For what?
What would you change about today?
When was the last time you compromised your principles?
When was the last time you made someone laugh? What had happened?
When was the last time you made someone cry? What had happened?
Who do you trust the most?
Who is your best friend who is not your partner?
What are you working towards?
When was the last time you danced?
When was the last time you sang?
Who are you jealous of? Why?
When was the last time you were kind?
When was the last time you felt hurt? Why?
What was your most recent dream that you remember?
Do you tend to be over- or under-confident? Why do you think so?
What do you want to let go of but can't?
Which chore do you dislike the most?
Do you care about making a difference in the world?
When was the last time you made a compromise?
What do you pretend repeatedly about?
Who is the most talented person you personally know?
Phone calls or text messages?
What was the last lie you told?
Do you like your job?
What do you have too much of?
Are you under- or over-appreciated?
Are you holding a grudge?
What is not a word but should be?
What is worth fighting for?
Are you more optimistic than your peers, or more pessimistic?
What do you think you would see in the Mirror of Erised from Harry Potter? The mirror shows the most desperate desire of a person's heart...