Which parent are you closer to and why?
Would you ever take back someone who cheated?
How do you feel about sharing your password with your partner?
Do you usually stay friends with your exes?
If you are in a bad mood, do you prefer to be left alone or have someone to cheer you up?
Are you confrontational?
What are you most thankful for?
What's the one thing that people always misunderstand about you?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done and would you do it again?
When have you felt your biggest adrenaline rush?
What do you think about when you're by yourself?
What's your biggest regret in life?
Does your job make you happy?
How would you describe your best friend?
Who are five people you are closest with?
What's one thing that bothers you most about the world today?
What is the weirdest thing about you?
What would your best friend say is your best quality?
What's one thing you wish you knew how to do?
What's the greatest risk you've ever taken?
How do you think people see you?
If you had the ability to erase something that you did in the past, what would it be?
Tell me about the times someone broke your heart.
Think about the people you love the most in your life, what do you do for them?
What has been the biggest change you ever made that made you the most proud of yourself?
Is home for you a place or a feeling? Describe that place or describe that feeling.
Have you ever questioned your sanity and why?
Would you find more comfort in the theoretical idea that that we were the most advanced species in outer space or would you find more comfort in the idea that we weren't?
What would be your thought process if you were presented with irrefutable evidence that a god didn't exist? What would be your thought process if you were presented with irrefutable evidence that a god did exist?
How do you define art?
If you could be given the date of your death would you want to know it?
Would you rather be loved or love?
Pick two out of physical chemistry, lifestyle compatibility, emotional compatibility and intellectual compatibility.
What was your father or mother like at home? How does he or she act different outside of family?
If you were given a chance to explore the oceans, go to outer space or visit 50 different countries, which one you choose and why?
Out of the negative emotions of greed, anger, jealousy and hate, which one would you say affects you the most?
Out of the positive emotions of compassion, positivity, enthusiasm and initiative, which one is your biggest strength?
Has another's pain ever given you joy? Be totally honest.
If you had to pick one, what is the most important value you would teach your children? Honesty, Kindness or Courage?
Name the one bad quality you wouldn't mind in a partner.
Name the one worst quality you cannot tolerate in a partner.
Have you ever been unable to sleep? What do you do with your time then?
What is the most romantic and loving thing you have ever done for somebody?
What is the most adventurous thing you have ever done in your life?
What skill do you wish you had?
What trait do you envy in others?
What's your day-to-day mantra?
How would your best friend describe you in five words?