What is something new you have learned about yourself in the last three months?
Have you been pleasantly surprised by anything recently?
Have you rediscovered any old passions?
What is one word you would use to describe yourself as a teenager?
What is the worst prediction you ever made?
If you did not have to sleep, how would you spend the extra 8 hours?
If you were not doing your current job, what would your dream job be?
Have you ever quit doing something that you used to be really passionate about? Do you regret it? Or are you happy you quit? Either way: Do you think you will ever take it up again?
Imagine you could devote a year to researching a biography of someone. Who would your subject be?
What question do you wish people would ask you?
Of the places you have lived or spent significant time, which one had the most pleasing view out the front door/main window/etc for you and why?
Tell me about a time when you changed your mind.
Imagine you are backpacking through a remote jungle and the guide you are with has you spend the night with a native tribe. During the evening they treat you as if you were their guest of honor. They put on a show for you and cook you a giant feast... part of which includes human flesh. A delicacy for them. Would you eat it? Or, at the very least, would you be curious to know what it tasted like?
What is your oldest or most cherished grudge?
What is your earliest memory?
Tell me something about yourself that I could never tell from looking at you.
What is your secret skill?
If you could only use three condiments for the rest of your life, what would they be?
Tell me about something you love doing that you are terrible at. And tell me about something you really do not like doing that you are great at.
Would you rather be able to speak every language in the world fluently, or be able to play every musical instrument as well as a virtuoso?
What are you into now that you never thought you would be into? And conversely, what is something you used to be into that you are not anymore?
Describe how you got your name.
What is a supposedly fun thing that you did — that you will never do again?
What is something you did not like but you are glad happened?
If you had unlimited resources, what frivolous thing would you collect? Not books. It has to be frivolous.
Describe something that has made you smile today.
If you could rename yourself, what new name would you choose, and why?
What is something you would not tell someone about yourself on a first date?
Without using the title of your job, tell me what you do.